Enhance intro content (#2733)
astronomer/docs: astro/manage-teams.md

description: Create, delete, and update Teams on Astro.
---

> After adding users to an Astro Organization through [an SSO provider](astro/configure-idp) or by [manually adding users](/astro/manage-organization-users#add-a-user-to-an-organization), Organization Owners can use Teams to batch assign Organization and Workspace permissions to groups of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an Organization Owner or Workspace Owner, you can use Teams to batch assign Organization and Workspace roles to groups of users. Organization Owners create, update, or delete Teams. Then, either Organization Owners or Workspace Owners can assign Teams to different Workspaces and define their [Workspace permissions](user-permissions.md#workspace-roles).
```

Reviewer: - I know the permissions are important here, but I'd rather those be in a prerequisite and continue to use 2nd person for referring to user actions.
- Let's always use the file link (with `md`) instead of the relative link since that's much less likely to change over time.
- One more nit: You don't necessarily have to add users to Astro first to use Teams. SCIM provisioning allows users to be imported as Teams directly from an IdP.

> _Teams_ are a group of users in an Organization that you can grant the same Organization and Workspace permissions. Because a Workspace is a collection of Deployments, you can use Workspaces to group Deployments by business use case or environment trait. Then, you can make teams with permissions that correspond to how you've organized your Workspaces. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _Team_ is a group of users in an Organization that share the same Organization and Workspace permissions. You can use Teams to securely assign permissions for a large group of users across multiple Workspaces. For example, you can create a Team of DAG authors, then assign that Team to each of your development Workspaces as a Workspace author.
```
The edit reads like more of a description of Workspaces than Workspace Teams, I made this edit to try to ground this description in an example.

> 

Author: I think that all the user management pages might benefit from a diagram illustrating the relationship between Orgs, Workspaces, Deployments, and Teams

Reviewer: We have something similar to this in our [architecture overview,](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/astro-architecture) might be worth duplicating it for an eventual user access overview page?
![image](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/74574233/8719aa6e-44a9-46ca-993f-342612899185)

Author: I'm planning on a follow up PR to add a diagram, but glad to know there's something I can base it off of!

> Organization Owners create, update, or delete Teams. Then, either Organization Owners or Workspace Owners can assign Teams to different Workspaces and define their [Workspace permissions](astro/user-permissions.md#workspace-roles). This is a quicker and more secure way to assign roles to a large amount of users compared to manually updating individual user permissions.. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also assign different roles for each Workspace. For example, you can have a group of DAG authors that has full Workspace Owner permissions for development Workspaces, and that same Team can have only Workspace Member permissions for production Workspaces.
```
